British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 5: Media, Environment and Society.
Lesson 1: Media, Environment and Society: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a grammar task about relationships.
Today you will practise language connected to relationships.
Target language: relative clauses.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for media, environment and society. You will learn useful language connected to relationships and practise relative clauses. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.